---
page_title: "Data Source: retool_groups"
description: |-
  Groups data source allows you to retrieve a list of groups in Retool.
---

# Data Source: retool_groups

Groups data source allows you to retrieve a list of groups in Retool.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "retool_groups" "all_groups" {}

output "all_groups" {
  value = data.retool_groups.all_groups.groups
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `groups` (Attributes List) A list of groups (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--groups))

<a id="nestedatt--groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `groups`

Read-Only:

- `audit_log_access` (Boolean) Whether the group has audit log access.
- `created_at` (String) The date the group was created.
- `id` (String) The id of the group.
- `landing_page_app_id` (String) The id of the landing page app for the group.
- `legacy_id` (String) The legacy id of the group.
- `members` (Attributes List) The members of the group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--groups--members))
- `name` (String) The name of the group.
- `universal_app_access` (String) The universal app access level of the group.
- `universal_query_library_access` (String) The universal query library access level of the group.
- `universal_resource_access` (String) The universal resource access level of the group.
- `universal_workflow_access` (String) The universal workflow access level of the group.
- `unpublished_release_access` (Boolean) Whether the group has unpublished release access.
- `updated_at` (String) The date the group was last updated.
- `usage_analytics_access` (Boolean) Whether the group has usage analytics access.
- `user_invites` (Attributes List) The user invites for the group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--groups--user_invites))
- `user_list_access` (Boolean) Whether the group has user list access.

<a id="nestedatt--groups--members"></a>
### Nested Schema for `groups.members`

Read-Only:

- `email` (String) The email of the member.
- `id` (String) The id of the member.
- `is_group_admin` (Boolean) Whether the member is a group admin.


<a id="nestedatt--groups--user_invites"></a>
### Nested Schema for `groups.user_invites`

Read-Only:

- `claimed_at` (String) The date the invite was claimed.
- `claimed_by` (String) The id of the user who claimed the invite.
- `created_at` (String) The date the invite was created.
- `expires_at` (String) The expiration date of the invite.
- `id` (String) The id of the user invite.
- `invite_link` (String) The invite link.
- `invited_by_id` (String) The id of the user who invited the user.
- `invited_email` (String) The email of the invited user.
- `legacy_id` (String) The legacy id of the user invite.
- `user_type` (String) The type of user invited.


