---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "retool_group Resource - retool"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# retool_group (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "retool_group" "example" {
  name                       = "Test Group"
  universal_app_access       = "use"
  universal_resource_access  = "own"
  universal_workflow_access  = "none"
  user_list_access           = false
  audit_log_access           = true
  unpublished_release_access = false
  usage_analytics_access     = true
  account_details_access     = true
  landing_page_app_id        = "c37676ba-116f-11ea-b17d-d7734e1526f2"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the group.

### Optional

- `account_details_access` (Boolean) Whether the group has access to account details.
- `audit_log_access` (Boolean) Whether the group has access to the audit log.
- `landing_page_app_id` (String) The app ID of the landing page.
- `universal_app_access` (String) The universal app access level for the group. This denotes the access level that this group has for all apps.
- `universal_query_library_access` (String) Level of access that the group has to the Query Library.
- `universal_resource_access` (String) The universal resource access level for the group. This denotes the access level that this group has for all resources.
- `universal_workflow_access` (String) The universal workflow access level for the group. This denotes the access level that this group has for all workflows.
- `unpublished_release_access` (Boolean) Whether the group has access to unpublished releases.
- `usage_analytics_access` (Boolean) Whether the group has access to usage analytics.
- `user_list_access` (Boolean) Whether the group has access to the user list.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the group. Currently this is the same legacy_id but will change in the future.
- `legacy_id` (String) The legacy ID of the group.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Group can be imported by specifying the id
terraform import retool_group.example 123
```
