---
page_title: "Resource: retool_source_control"
description: |-
  Source Control resource allows you to connect Retool to a source control provider.
---

# Resource: retool_source_control

Source Control resource allows you to connect Retool to a source control provider.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "retool_source_control" "scm" {
  org            = "my-org"
  repo           = "my-repo"
  default_branch = "main"
  repo_version   = "1.0.0"
  github = {
    app_authentication = {
      app_id          = "123456"
      installation_id = "123457"
      private_key     = "private-key"
    }
    url                = "https://github.com"
    enterprise_api_url = "https://github.mycompany.com/api/v3"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `default_branch` (String) The default branch, e.g., main.
- `org` (String) The user or organization to which the repository belongs to.
- `repo` (String) The name of the repository you created to use with Retool.

### Optional

- `aws_codecommit` (Attributes) AWS CodeCommit Source Control settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--aws_codecommit))
- `azure_repos` (Attributes) Azure Repos Source Control settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--azure_repos))
- `bitbucket` (Attributes) Bitbucket Source Control settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bitbucket))
- `github` (Attributes) GitHub Source Control settings for App authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--github))
- `gitlab` (Attributes) GitLab Source Control settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--gitlab))
- `repo_version` (String) Repositories using Toolscript are 2.0.0. Repositories using legacy YAML are 1.0.0.

<a id="nestedatt--aws_codecommit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `aws_codecommit`

Required:

- `access_key_id` (String, Sensitive) The Access key ID from your AWSCodeCommitFullAccess policy.
- `https_password` (String, Sensitive) The HTTPS password from your security credentials.
- `https_username` (String) The HTTPS username from your security credentials.
- `region` (String) The region of the CodeCommit repository.
- `secret_access_key` (String, Sensitive) The Secret Access Key from your AWSCodeCommitFullAccess policy
- `url` (String) The domain used to access your self-hosted AWS CodeCommit instance.


<a id="nestedatt--azure_repos"></a>
### Nested Schema for `azure_repos`

Required:

- `personal_access_token` (String, Sensitive) The Azure project access tokens to authenticate to the Azure API.
- `project` (String) Your new or existing Azure DevOps project.
- `url` (String) Your base Azure URL. For Azure Cloud, this is always http://dev.azure.com. For Azure self-managed, this is the URL where your instance is hosted.
- `use_basic_auth` (Boolean) Set this to true if you are using self-hosted Azure Repos.
- `user` (String) The Azure Repos username.


<a id="nestedatt--bitbucket"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bitbucket`

Required:

- `app_password` (String, Sensitive) Your Bitbucket app password.
- `enterprise_api_url` (String) The REST API route for your self-hosted Bitbucket instance. Defaults to https://api.bitbucket.org/2.0.
- `url` (String) The domain used to access your self-hosted Bitbucket instance. Defaults to https://bitbucket.org/.
- `username` (String) Your Bitbucket username.


<a id="nestedatt--github"></a>
### Nested Schema for `github`

Optional:

- `app_authentication` (Attributes) GitHub App authentication settings. Required if personal_access_token is not set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--github--app_authentication))
- `enterprise_api_url` (String) The REST API route for your self-hosted GitHub instance. Defaults to https://[hostname]/api/v3.
- `personal_access_token` (String, Sensitive) The GitHub project access token to authenticate to the GitHub API. Required if app_authentication is not set.
- `url` (String) The domain used to access your self-hosted GitHub instance.

<a id="nestedatt--github--app_authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `github.app_authentication`

Required:

- `app_id` (String) The GitHub App ID.
- `installation_id` (String) The GitHub installation ID. This can be found at the end of the installation URL.
- `private_key` (String, Sensitive) The base64-encoded private key.



<a id="nestedatt--gitlab"></a>
### Nested Schema for `gitlab`

Required:

- `project_access_token` (String, Sensitive) The GitLab project access token to authenticate to the GitLab API.
- `project_id` (String) The numerical project ID for your GitLab project. Find this ID listed below the project's name on the project's homepage.
- `url` (String) Your base GitLab URL. On GitLab Cloud, this is always https://gitlab.com. On GitLab self-managed, this is the URL where your instance is hosted.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Source Control configuration can be imported by specifying arbitrary string id
terraform import retool_source_control.example dummy_id
```
